# the-restaurant-app
An online restaurant management system application, where anyone wishes to order foods, first needs to sign in to the system. If the user doesn't have an account then he/she needs to sign up with the system. After signing in to the system the user can choose one or more items from the displayed menu, then he/she have to confirm his/her order and complete payment. On the other hand, the service provider restaurant on receiving the order will prepare the order and deliver to the user's home. This is basic overview of this app. Futher details are listed below.
# User classes
- **Customer:** Any person wishes to use our system to order foods online.
- **Admin:** To keep everything simple the service provider restaurant is treated as single entity. There may exist several potential users like receptionist, cashier, deliver-boy etc but to avoid complications these users are treated as single user administrator. Admin is the entity who manages the entire system from receving customer's order to deliver them to customer's home.
# App features
- **Customer registration and authenticaton:** To use the system a customer needs to register with our system by providing his/her full name, present address, email address and password. All the entries need to be validated and proper message should be generated if some/all of the entries are invalid. After a successfull sign up customer can sign in to the system by providing email address and password.
- **Food-order placement:** After sign in a customer can choose one or more item(s) from menu and add it to the cart. The customer can delete/add item(s) from cart before confirming the order. Then customer has to make the payment. There should be one or more payment methods like cash, credit-card, debit-card, UPI.
- **Food-order cancellation:** Customer can cancel order anytime after he/she had placed an food-order. The money refund will depend on order status for an example if delivery boy is out for delivery and customer cancels order.
- **History navigation:** Customer can navigate thorough all the previous food orders he/she has made but can't delete it.
- **Status notification:** Customer should be notified about the status of the food-order processing e.g. order is accepted or order is out for delivery by messages and emails.
- **Feedback submission:** Customer can submit his/her feedback for each food-order he/she placed.
